.TH SP 1 VERSION
.SH NAME
sp - Simple Password Manager
.br
.B sp
[-bfi] [-i \fI\,gpg-id\fR] [-adeosy \fI\,password\fR] [-c \fI,all\fR|\fI,length\fR|\fI,strength\fR|\fI,duplicate\fR] [-g [\fI\,length\fR] [\fI\,secure\fR|\fI\,risk\fR]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Simple Password Manager
.TP
\fB\,a\fR \fI\,password\fR
Add password
.TP
\fB\,b\fR
Check for breached passwords (internet connection is required)
.TP
\fB\,c\fR \fI,all|length|strength|duplicate\fR
Check for password length, strength, or duplicates.
.br
length = Check for password length
strength = Check for password strength
duplicate = Check for duplicate passwords
all = Check all of the above
.TP
\fB\,d\fR \fI\,password\fR
Delete password
.TP
\fB\,e\fR \fI\,password\fR
Edit password
.TP
\fB\,g\fR \fI,length\fR \fI,risk|secure\fR
Generate a random password using the preferred amount of digits.
.br
The default is 64 characters.
.br
secure = Lower and uppercase + digits + special characters (default)
.br
risk = only lowercase and uppercase + digits
.TP
\fB\,i\fR \fI\,gpg-id\fR
Initialize password storage using GPG
.TP
\fB\,l\fR
Show a list of passwords
.TP
\fB\,o\fR \fI\,password\fR
ワンタイムパスワード（TOTP）を表示
Show one time password (TOTP)
.TP
\fB\,s\fR \fI\,password\fR
Show password
.TP
\fB\,v\fR
Show version
.TP
\fB\,y\fR \fI\,password\fR
Copy password to the clipboard without showing the password (Xorg-only)
.SH LANGUAGE
The default language is Japanese. In order to use English,
.br
please add "SP_LANG=en" to the `.zshrc` or `.bashrc` file.
.SH EXAMPLES
\&...

$ sp -i 12345678901234567890ABCDEFABCDEF1234ABCD
.br
初期設定に完了しました。

$ cat ~/.local/share/sp/.gpg-id
.br
12345678901234567890ABCDEFABCDEF1234ABCD
.ED

\&...

$ sp -a 076.moe/nitori
.br
Password:
.br
Password (for verification):
.br
The password got saved.

$ sp -s 076.moe/nitori
.br
kyuuri

$ sp -d 076.moe/nitori
.br
Are you sure you want to delete the password '076.moe/nitori' (y/N): y
.br
The password got deleted
.br

$ sp -s 076.moe/nitori
.br
Failed to open file: No such file or directory
.ED

\&...

$ sp -a 076.moe/nitori
.br
Password:
.br
Password (for verification):
.br
The password got saved.

$ sp -s 076.moe/nitori
.br
kyuuri

$ sp -a 076.moe/nitori
.br
パスワードが既に存在しています。
.br
変更するには、「 sp -e 076.moe/nitori 」を実行して下さい。

$ SP_LANG=en sp -a 076.moe/nitori
.br
Password already exist.
.br
For edit, please run ' sp -e 076.moe/nitori '.

$ sp -e 076.moe/nitori
.br
Password:
.br
Password (for verification):
.br
The password got saved.

$ sp -s 076.moe/nitori
.br
kappa
.ED

\&...

$ sp -g
.br
\5C'F6=8r&:OO=P?{Ry-3d4%z#7Hki}965l`j2xJSRoHQkvj^nz+YPx4g74yu_OT

$ sp -g 12
.br
{%#upiPiayqZ

$ sp -g 12 risk
.br
iwxoumJC9wZH
.ED

\&...

$ doas pkg_add zbar
.br
quirks-7.14 signed on 2024-05-21T22:52:07Z
.br
zbar-0.23.90p2: ok

$ zbarimg -q --raw Untitled.png
.br
otpauth://totp/GitHub:TechnicalSuwako?secret=ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP&issuer=GitHub

$ sp -a github.com/2fa
.br
Password:
.br
Password (for verification):
.br
The password got saved.

$ sp -s github.com/2fa
.br
otpauth://totp/GitHub:TechnicalSuwako?secret=ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP&issuer=GitHub

$ sp -o github.com/2fa
.br
123456
.Ed
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Technical Suwako (developer)
Remilia Scarlet (English translation)
